# DDD Individual Software Project
 Hello, this is the repository for the program we were tasked to make for the design, develop, and deploy course. The program allows a user to log in as rather a student, a senior tutor, or a personal supervisor, with each role having different permissions within the program. The user interface is a series of menus which should be easy and straightforward to navigate. The example data was generated by ChatGPT and is stored in seperate .txt files in the same directory as the .exe file. The password to any given user is usually the first 3 letters of their name in lowercase, and if not, their full first name. For example, the password for 'Jayden Holdsworth' would be 'jay'. I originally wrote this program ~29/10/2023, however I could not get my Github setup and working correctly. For more information, here is the beginning for my report on this program.

 ## Introductory Paragraph

With the advent of computers increasing connectivity, it makes sense to use this to improve the student-supervisor engagement process. This report serves as a guide through my thought process to help students and personal supervisors interact with each other on a more frequent and meaningful basis, making a clear outline that meets the needs of today’s academic community. 

## Overall Description

My program aimed to digitalise and improve two main services, the ability to make and view meetings between students and personal supervisors and the ability to log simple feedback in which the personal supervisor can view and potentially act upon. The system is to bridge the gaps in communication and ensure timely intervention and support. It needs to be easy to use and optimal for the three major users, students, personal supervisors, and senior tutors, which we will go through further in the personas section. 

I want to keep this software as easy to use as possible, with creating an available meeting just a few button presses away and giving feedback as easy as assigning a numerical value of how you felt in that given day. This encourages students to routinely do this, allowing personal supervisors and senior tutors to have a day-by-day report on how each student has been feeling. This clear to understand data ensures that if there is any drop in mood by a student, it is simple to reach out to them through email or organise a meeting through the software.  